Where, and how often will you meet while working?
The meetings will take place at the Ångström labory and online. 
Our im is to meet at least 2-3 times every week.

How do you communicate in the group - what channels? - when?
Team communication will be done daily trough discord and whatsapp, and 2-3 per week in person. 

How will you use version control (git) and other tools you might agree on, 
like Trello or OverLeaf?
Each member will primarily work on its own branch. Trello will be used to facilitate planning of 
the work and distribution of task. The documentation will be done in OverLeaf, each of the team 
members being responsible for the documentation of their own work. 

How do you coordinate the final hand-in?
Upon the completion of a version of the project that is considered ready for submition, all member 
will test to verify that it works as intended. Should the version work, the members will explain
their work to the others so that everyone has a complete understanding of the code. Lastly, one ot the
members will hand in the assignment.

How do you ensure everyone knows what they should do after their current task,
and what everyone else is working on?
Team organisation will be done with the help of trello. Furthermore, the tasks will be shared trough
communication. Should a team member has no work left, they should help their partners finish theirs.

What should you do if somebody feels left outside?
In this situation, one should call a meeting with the aim of understanding the problem and 
resolving it.

What should you do if someone gets stuck on their current task?
The progress of each member is verified trough communication. Should one progress slower,
they should be able to ask for help. Should one notice their partner struggling,
they should offer help or reconsider the task assignment.

What happens if someone feels another person isn’t doing their fair share?
In such case, communication is essential. If necessary, the team will reajust the tasks. If no cooperation 
can be achieved, the problem will be reported to the supervisors.

What happens if someone is not communicating in the manner or frequency agreed upon?
Firstly, the team will attempt to establish communication with the respective member in a way that 
is easyer to follow for them. If that is not possible, or the member in question is not communicating
deliberatly, the problem will be reported to the supervisors.
